ELB Assignment Solution:

1) Create 3 EC2 instances simultaneously with the below user data and SSH,HTTP as required inbound security rule.

2) User data:

#!/bin/bash

yum update -y 
yum install httpd -y

systemctl start httpd
systemctl enable httpd

3)Replace the index.html file in each of instances based on which web page you want to display by removing default index.html page or editing it.
                             Path:  /var/www/html/index.html

3) To verify if the desired output is available we can paste the Public IPv4 address of all instances created in web browser.

4) Create a classic load balancer with appropriate security group and using above 3 EC2 instances.

5) Navigate to newly created load balancer and copy the "DNS name" of lb and paste it in web browser and you can try refreshing page multiple times.
													(Traffic is distributed b/n three instances)

6) You can share the DNS name available in load balancer to the end-user rather than sharing IP addresses of EC2 instances which are dynamic IP's.

7) You can also create Application Load Balancer for the same use case and this would require defining "Target Group" of servers working on/having same information.
	a)Attach EC2 instances created to target group.
	b)Attach target group created to ALB that you are going to create.
	
8) Try pasting the "DNS name" of newly created ALB into browser to verify if it's working as expected.


ASG Assignment Solution:

1) Create an  EC2 instances with the below user data and SSH,HTTP as required inbound security rule.

2) User data:

#!/bin/bash

yum update -y  
yum install apache2 -y

systemctl start apache2

3) Login to instance created and verify that apache2 is installed .

4) Actions -> Images and templates -> Create template from instance.

5) From template created in above step create ASG.

6) You can attach existing LB to ASG while creating an ASG.

7) Also you can configure group size and scaling policies while creating an ASG.(->Group Size [Minimum capacity=1 & Minimum capacity=3])


Route53 Assignment Solution:

1) Click on "Create Hosted Zone" to start creating a new hosted zone.

2) In the "Domain Name" field, enter the domain name for your website. 

3) Choose the "Public hosted zone" option since you want to route traffic from the internet.

4) Click on "Create" to create the hosted zone.

5) After the hosted zone is created, note down the four nameservers provided by Route 53. These nameservers need to be updated in your domain registrar's settings.
   If you registered your domain through Route 53, this step is not required.

6) In the EC2 console, launch an EC2 instance with an Amazon Linux or any other Linux distribution that supports Apache web server.

7) Once the instance is running, note down its public IP address. This IP address will be used to route traffic to the EC2 instance.

8) In the Route 53 console, click on the newly created hosted zone.

9) Click on "Create Record Set" to create a new record set.

10) In the "Name" field, enter the subdomain or leave it blank to map the domain itself.

11) In the "Type" field, select "A - IPv4 address."

12) In the "Value" field, enter the EC2 instance's public IP address.

13) Leave the "TTL" (Time to Live) as default or adjust it as per your requirement.

14) Click on "Create" to create the record set.