Assignment 1 solution:

1) Create an MariaDB database using Relational Database Service(RDS) by filling out all necessary details required to create a database.

2) To connect to this database using 'MySQL Workbench/Dbeaver' as a SQL Client using windows:
	a) Copy paste the database endpoint under 'Server Host' and also fill out 'username' and 'password' appropriately.
	b) Do not forget to add 'MySQL/Aurora' inbound rule in SG of database.
	c) Make sure database created is 'Public' so that you can access this from outside VPC or from different AZ's.

3) To connect to this database using an EC2 instance:
	a) Make sure that 'MySQL/Aurora' rule is added in SG of the instance.
	b) sudo su
	c) apt-get update
	d) apt-get install mysql-client -y
	e) mysql -h database-1.cuzlimo9s12x.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com -u admin -padmin123
	f) show databases;
	
	
Assignment 2 solution:

1) Create an Aurora Database using RDS by filling out all necessary details required to create a database.

2) Make sure database created is 'Public' so that you can access this from outside VPC or from different AZ's.

3) "Availablity & Durablity" -> 'Multi-AZ Deployment' -> Create an Aurora replica.(select) -> Create database.

4) Do not forget to add 'MySQL/Aurora' inbound rule in SG of database.

5) After successful creation of database we will have:
	a) A primary db instance in AZ-1.
	b) A Reader instance in AZ-2.
	c) A Writer instance in AZ-3.
	
6) All these instances will have their own database endpoints for access and to perform specific functionalities as per build.

7) We can either use an ec2 instance or Dbeaver for connection. 


Assignment 3 solution:

1) Create a dynamoDb database with a table which contains a Partition Key.

2) Add 5 records/items to above created table.

3) Navigate to "Backups" under DynamoDB options and create backup of the database created above.

4) After backing up data you can go ahead and delete the table created in Step 1.

5) Using backup created restore the table by selecting backup and clicking on "Restore".

6) After successful restoration we will be able to see all 5 records/items that was added while creating the  table inside restored table.